# WorldHappinessReport_EDA
The World Happiness Report is a publication of the United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network. It contains articles and rankings of national happiness, based on respondent ratings of their own lives, which the report also correlates with various quality of life factors.
Data analysis and forecasting applied to World Happiness. The World Happiness Report is a landmark survey of the state of global happiness from 2015 to 2019. The report has gained global recognition as governments, organizations and civil society increasingly use happiness indicators to inform their policy-making decisions. Leading experts across fields – economics, psychology, survey analysis, national statistics, health, public policy and more – describe how measurements of well-being can be used effectively to assess the progress of nations. The reports review the state of happiness in the world today and show how the new science of happiness explains personal and national variations in happiness.
In July 2011, the UN General Assembly adopted resolution 65/309 Happiness: Towards a Holistic Definition of Development inviting member countries to measure the happiness of their people and to use the data to help guide public policy. On April 2, 2012, this was followed by the first UN High Level Meeting called Wellbeing and Happiness: Defining a New Economic Paradigm, which was chaired by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and Prime Minister Jigmi Thinley of Bhutan, a nation that adopted gross national happiness instead of gross domestic product as their main development indicator.
In this project, our aim is to take a closer look Give a clear picture of happiness around the world in 2019 and Analyze trends in happiness from 2015 to 2019. In this we are applying Forecasting with Machine Learning so that we predict a country happiness if we know the gdp per capita, life expectancy and other factors values along with that we predict a country happiness thanks to its history (happiness+factors).
